so basically I made a few slides that's
one part of the relay but I'm not going
to talk about those so this one goes
like this with this start with blood
stuff you say that that's our initial
perhaps up implementation the simplest
possible protocol that can work for
pub/sub it has two basic characteristics
one
it relies on I mean clearly discovering
so that means we don't have an icon for
every place but I understand whatever
will connect the fear would say see
whether it supports flat seven and we
just started in your beer
and in order to route messages who just
slide throughout the message is to all
known beers okay so it's get some good
characteristics so it's straightforward
but they just really and very robust we
really can't do anything to break keep
sending messages no matter what and the
black routes the messages it is
guaranteed to follow the minimum 11
spots so the problem is that it doesn't
normally follow the path it's very
inefficient body so the queens are
different beers connected with many
beers which is a big problem especially
for things like woods rappers that would
like them to participate you know like
answer
so what do we do to control the flood
and this is the basis of good job so we
use randomized bicycle traction that
basically starts with picking some
random peers and then we use some
stabilization output into tries to keep
the the number of pace that we carry
change some parameters
we said I deserved agree that this is
communication we're going to pick and
it's low and acai with a relaxation
factors which allows the prodigal
converse okay so this gives us parameter
control the computation factor so
basically that's the selection of D so
if we have a degree of six we're gonna
get about six point four and we
basically translate and say for violent
offenses so we're no longer caring
mother I'm Bobbie flat D means that we
so top of that we also have gossip
propagation which means that apart from
sending the messages along knowing in
the links what you can randomize
propagation match this that says hey
this is coming these are the bases that
you came already
this allows us to request messages and
this allows us to jump ropes
opportunistically that means that if you
have if we happen to have an overlay
that gets your long distance between you
and they're and they're directly
connected then we can jump through the
coaching but also it allows us to be
parable a pathologist the change very
unlikely but it's possible to happen
there we have an overlay that basically
is split then the randomized your
propagation allow us to very dispatch
ology and turn it into football so
basically we can press the press itself
back and the final work that the gospel
gets who gives us this vertical
experience disability you should think
of course except that's basically a very
basic and you not staff with control
messages that propagate with gossip so
in our chains we can add so demo
is it visible should I make it bigger
right so it was running it previously so
basically love me
we set the random seat I'm going to
capture the random city so that both all
the propagations all these simulations I
do to demonstrate the verticals
basically use the same graphics writer
okay so let's start with a simple flat
sub simulation this is the flat tops
relation here hundred yards with ten
connections it sends a single message
okay so this is gonna generate the
mantle start this pops up connect
starter who say is basically
constructing thing interconnections in a
vertical level again this is the
publication and then this mirror the
weights a little wild for for staff to
quiet down and then it prints you a
summary but says hey we have a hundred
nodes and there are n methods and with
the label to convert and or and we send
seventeen convert to publish messages so
we can't even remember the getting
factor of seven days now I'm going to do
the same thing with gossip sir
okay so what happened is that we can
factor of 6.4 here this is like only 638
messages but Walter Kerr know the code
properly contract so disturbs for having
seven six messages and do this also the
course of propagation so for a single
message we'll think on excellence to
enter using the same time but let's see
let's increase the number of connections
so instead of just ten connection
somewhere I ran it with 20 flexors and
I'm gonna suppress the output from the
simulator by passing this trace white
parameter that's only gonna show us the
summary after simulation what I'm going
to do the same thing with gossip term
again
so just notice that the amplification
factor jump from 17 to 35 because we
have a lot of work on excess we're
sending over okay and you could do the
same with goes except again 20
connections where I noticed that there
was no diameter to the case of -
simplification factor remain constant
about the same as before and the
interesting part is that you still care
a little bit of cost representing but
even with the gossip that we're sending
and you know we thought the only
construction cost we still end up being
much more efficient and then pops up so
here is the if you get some factor of 6
point 2 plus we have no like the 14 X 4
sorry
1.4 X for the gossip so I'm going to
animate I'm gonna animate the do
simulations so we get a better idea of
what exactly is happening okay that's
the flat set if you see the flag
happening but it's also very fast
getting that's that's the advantage surf
concept so if we look at the same
simulation with course observe we say
that there's no cloud the messes are
flowing much more regularly and you're
gonna see you know like some little
orange stuff popping up these are ghost
messages and here we see the tail
simulation after we send the message we
keep sending gossip around for another 3
seconds so you should keep in mind that
the simulation is basically 10x
expansion on time so 10 milliseconds it
is playing a frame every millisecond so
this takes a lot a lot less you know in
real time but we see the gossip
propagating around now we can do an
interesting exercise
and we see that the publish delay for
flood sap was about 100 milliseconds but
progressive shaft was 300 milliseconds
so that's the advantage flats out but to
make things foreigners think I'm going
to increase the number of messages that
I'm setting so that we're not in the
worst case scenario for for God's exact
but and we also gave something more
realistic so let's say ten messages at
five messages per second
Garrick simulations been around for a
few seconds here
so they're strutting in real-time so
we're using using carefully some time
but actually real time schedule so we
say again now we we published ten
messages with the liberty 2034 eggs
because we said thirty five thousand
recipes so if we do the same the same
thing with God's observe you will notice
now that the cost of the gossip has been
amortized because we're sending messages
Pentecost doesn't change a hundred
possibly per second and that the
implication factor basically has
remained pretty much the same so here we
see the notification factor is six point
four across roughly okay and this is the
gossip that was sent and it's 2.2 now in
terms will begin of amplification factor
and it's been advertised
now the the invention is a lot more
interesting here with many messages and
should pass the message around that flat
surface really grating it foods flat and
you can see that it's happening because
your entire network is red which means
are all the interactive because it's
ending too much stuff between the
weights Network that's the problem with
blacks are so yeah
the rest it's nuts so understand he was
to continue the same pattern but if you
look at the girls I'm animation you'll
see that this is constant to what was
happening before so it's a lot more
efficient and we can also calculate the
delays to get in the promulgation
and we'll see that God's flats have took
two seconds to deliver our messages
well gossip said took to pour in your
weight so if we start sending more
messages the latency abandons four four
flats are pretty much disappears that's
about it next